better even a greater example is
depleted uranium so it's in the air all
the time so we have it also not only the
count yeah but the cows get it from the
grass only concentrated there's a
colleague to mow grass and in German
right so cosmos bigger and it
concentrates it that's why it's 15 times
higher so the point being depleted
uranium I to check 60 60 people or more
which is 60 people in 58 of men
completely draining position now I will
tell you absolutely in Israel the Middle
East because you're closer to Iraq where
the radiation levels are now two
thousand times higher in Iraq 24 that
you'll be more depleted uranium that's
one very important reason why would
recommend people take NCD maxi based in
gave us research successful in CD
getting depleted uranium out the
Veterans Hospital that's a military
hospitals in the US are now actually
doing some research about an incident in
depleted unions and become sexy because
the average soldier coming back has
radiation problem example Mississippi
they did a study in two hundred the
kimber 216 veterans men and women I'm
not seventy percent of their offspring
of their babies into them and severe
congenital defects missing a hand the
singing isles severe so comes back
though I'm in Iraq it's much worse in
Iraq there's a thousand times increase
in cancer
now it's actually hired that but that's
how it's reported that's been the first
football for not the second the first
ball point they dropped about 300 tons
second call for about 2,000 tons
depleted uranium what should I only the
commercial is not only in attendance no
no no it's a new confidence they put it
in for example the game it's for example
all the bullets it makes it the harder
so the bullying and the anti-tank
missiles have it it'll go right through
to take my butter because it's so hard
to put the tongue and it in flames what
it claims it goes in the stratosphere
and then spread all buildings so nice
Americans well guess what they have in
Israel to your separatist 17 countries
that used to plead uranium from NATO was
using it in Bosnia and Italian observers
were watching and it really hit the news
in Italy gave us a list in Italy
everybody who about when Richard they
had three times higher rate of lymphoma
some you should look so far from being
in the areas there what observing so
we're talking what we call weapons of
mass destruction the women mission in
Afghanistan and Iraq Bosnia are actually
we can almost call radiologically
uninhabitable that's how seriously think
about it there there is a thing where
you born with one eye and it used to be
one in 50 million in Iraq the kitchen
now that's happening like a few peak is
a week all right i mean ups what
yeah so these are the kind of things
that are going on rates of cancer
everybody has cancer walk ins is obeyed
everybody radiation guess what's going
to happen soon okay and so this is a
problem and no one is immune that's the
point so those are the things you've
never known for example in the last war
but the wind is also carrying all this
stuff back was killing I don't know why
the military doesn't figure it out
reporting you don't you I don't know and
they use to ticket uranium in a little
better I don't know that consumer one
okay we don't show that what can i what
can we do about the insignia how can we
take it as everyday 10 drops for terms
of days 10 miles on its driving trucks
and rocks 4000 day is your nasal
protection and this is why fasting so
important and the kids then children if
we can give it I do I would do three
depart drop and three drivers
astonishment when we changes from which
HH swallowed up pregnant mothers from
take it to you just get to the babies
because they're coming with two other
taxes good though so pregnant women is
10 and 10 drops four times no programs
currently now here here's the thing
okay and children from one year yeah
just a few corruption in terms of day
just a few drops the thing is when you
fast your vital life force is pushing
the toxins out and the NCD grabs it and
doesn't let go so when you combine the
two you get a much greater effect so the
real key is at least you know twice a
year do the NCD 15 drops four times a
while faster that's an optimal effective
and then during the year and don't make
you take now in this area because we
will take it as consistently what can it
mean if you do the applied kinesiology
and it doesn't test right engineer
because probably everybody has needs it
yes everybody's different so it could be
another substance like chlorella or
something you need to take so understand
none of us are immune we have two very
very thoughtful about this no we can
also make a point of asking our
governments not to do this to change
consciousness because doing the whole
world is being negatively affected yes
it makes better weapon it does make a
better weapon and so the bullets will
penetrate you know a tank and us their
tanks are made with depleted uranium so
finally you get some protection one way
but guess what the model number women
the vote of uterine cancer rectal
cancers skyrocket wide it is a symphony
of initiator here is involved in a g6 oh
it's it'd be best if all countries
agreed to azusa
now